docs(csp): update content security policy (#1220)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/717-to-718/_index.md

[Camunda libraries and applications](#camunda-libraries-and-applications) guide for their application server. Camunda Platform Run users need to replace the `groovy-all-$GROOVY_VERSION.jar` in the `{RUN_HOME}/configuration/userlib/` directory with the `.jar` libraries from the list above.

Camunda users who don't rely on Groovy can ignore this section.

# Content Security Policy update

The default **Content Security Policy** configuration is changing from version 7.18.

> In older versions the default policy used to be a very minimal configuration, allowing almost everything.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In older versions, the default policy used to be a very minimal configuration, which had to be intentionally strengthened according to our recommendations.\
```
